different ways you can say i don't like
it i'm not into it
and i'm not into you i'm not into
playing sports
another great phrase i'm not really fond
of i've got this trauma now
and i just don't want to risk my life
i'm not really fond of roller coasters
yeah we could
i'm not crazy about it which means i'm
okay we could grab sushi but i'm not
really crazy about it maybe we could do
pasta it's not for me somebody tells you
hey have you seen the latest netflix tv
show about
a guy who murders people it's not for me
i don't like that genre i like comedies
i'm not much
of a and you insert the word
person i'm not much of a movie theater
person
i'm more of a person who stays at home
and watches tv shows on
netflix you can say i'll pass so i'll
pass means
you're not really interested you don't
like the idea of going somewhere